This document assumes the osX machine is set up and is working.

----

First four things mandatory:

    1. AutoIT installation
    2. Naturally speaking installation
    3. Configure scripts
    4. Add scheduled task

----

1. AutoIt installation

very straightforward to install, get started by downloading installer from:
    
  http://www.autoitscript.com/autoit3/
    

----
2. Naturally speaking installation

Slightly more complicated. Some of the bat scripts assume installation in
a certain place (e.g. C:\Program Files\Nuance\NaturallySpeaking10\Program)
with a certain executable name (e.g. natspeak.exe).

    you may need to change these paths in "recurse-folder-for-mp3s.au3"

Lastly, it is important to set up and configure a voice profile. The steps
required to do this should be detailed in the naturally speaking
documentation.

    it may not be necessary to create "digital recorder" based profiles,
    but we have only tested with this configuration.

When testing, we configured two voice profiles, both using a "digital
recorder" instead of a microphone. The software provides basic batch
processing support for profiles using a digital recorder, but we abandoned
this in favour of the higher level of control available when using AutoIT.


----
3. Configure scripts

Certain settings are set as temporary environment variables and must be
set for correct operation.

    navigate to the bat/ subdirectory of the automation tools
    
    edit the "set-server-envvar.bat" file
    
    set the server_ip to that of the osx apache HTTP and FTP server
    
    set the usernames and passwords appropriately for:
        ftp_user, 
        ftp_pass, 
        http_user, 
        http_pass

----
4. Add scheduled task

Scheduled tasks are configured in Control Panel. Configure a scheduled
task to run every 30 minutes with a maximum of one concurrent instance.
   
    Set the task to have the following properties:

    task tab:
        click "browse" and navigate to "_.get+transcribe+upload.bat"
        tick run only if logged on
        tick task is enabled
    
    schedule tab:
        select "daily" from the dropdown
        enter a start time of 00:01 (i.e. 1 minute past midnight)
        select "1" shedule task every 1 day
        click "advanced" button:
            repeat task every 30 minutes
            duration 23 hours 59 minutes
            
    settings tab:
        untick delete if not scheduled to run again
        untick stop the task if it runs for ... hours/minutes
        untick only start the task if idle
        untick stop the task if the computer ceases to be idle
        untick don't start the task on batteries
        untick stop if battery mode begins
        untick wake the computer to run task

    right click the task in the scheduled task pane, to test that it runs

